---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---
## Recap

It has been roughly a month since the coronavirus completely upended every aspect of life. Most local and national restaurants are closed. For the few that are open, 
the concept of dining in is effectively ancient history. Old skill sets are becoming relevant again. Thanks to the immense backlog in unemployment claims, 
COBOL programmers are in high demand because a majority of business systems (i.e. ATMs, banks) rely on the language 
to function. Sewing is becoming increasingly popular as a result of dwindling medical supplies. 

Still, bodies are piling up faster than they can be disposed. People are still violating social distancing guidelines, 
some hosting parties with over 1,000 guests in attendance. Cell towers are being burned and masks are being microwaved in the name of killing the coronavirus. Homeless people still occupy trains. Criminal organizations are exploiting the pandemic while gun violence persists in various states. Also, Kim Jong-un might be missing in action. Make of that what you will. 

In short, it has been a hectic month.
## Vicky Brasseur
Vicky Brasseur's speech highlights the fact that regarding human behavior, some aspects of working in the open source community aren't all that different from working in other fields of employment. Codes of conduct exist almost everywhere. They may not necessarily be adhered to, nor do they cover all possible workplace uncertanties or complications. Trolls and jerks exist. They could be low-level employees, bosses or anywhere in between. Regardless of that notion, retaliation will most likely end poorly. It's easy to work in open source when toxic attitudes and policies are limited to specific companies, and thus easily avoidable. It is much harder to do so when said toxicity is embedded in the system. Her suggestions on how to reduce the negative atmosphere are necessary for making open source more accessible to everyone.
## Code.gov
Open source software must be truly amazing if the US Federal Government is freely using and promoting it. The small number of available issues and discussions might make contributing a bit difficult. The large number of related repositories should hopefully compensate for that, if only to gain a better understanding of how the government and the country benefits from open source software.
## Johns Hopkins COVID-19
Given that it is the most frequently referenced coronavirus tracker, the sheer amount of issues related to erroneous data is concerning. That being said, the main task is comparing the data across the various sources to each other. Compared to maintaining code, it seems more straightforward and might be worth contributing to if time permits.
