---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

### Brave New World

Truth be told, I thought the coronavirus would vanish faster than Australia's ecosystems. Unfortunately, possessing the tenacity of a [tardigrade](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tardigrade) and the undying envy of terrorists everywhere, it seems as though the virus will stick around for a while. The virus has distrupted normal city functions. Many department stores and restaurants are closed or operating under reduced hours. Travel is so scarce that train cars actually have a decent amount of seating room during rush hour. The lines at supermarkets are ridiculously long. It has gotten to the point where employees have to limit the amount of customers entering at a time. 

The most troublesome aspect of this shutdown is the implementation of tests. For the record, I receive extended time in a seperate as per my registration with Hunter's AccessABILITY office. Because schools have been closed, I now have to scramble to schedule tests such that the professors have enough time to submit them to the AccessABILITY testing department and that said department can provide me with a suitable amount of time to complete them. Taking the test is dependent on the strength of available internet connections. While internet access is a nonissue, I happen to live in the South Bronx. Naturally, I have to endure the loathsome scents and sounds generated by the less civilized members of the populace, a blight I could escape when the college was still open.

I believe it would be overly optimistic for the pandemic to become manageable in 8 weeks, let alone 4. Supplies are running low and many employees are facing unemployment, increasing the burden on those who still have jobs. People can be obstinately oafish at times. Recently, a JetBlue passenger took a flight from New York to Florida without bothering to inform anyone that his coronavirus test results were pending. He tested positive and was rightfully banned from the airline for life. I feel as though quarantine protocol may soon be rendered useless if people keep disregarding it like that. In addition, homeless people still exist. Nearly invisible to the public, highly mobile and of varied status of health, they make excellent carriers for the coronavirus. Even if adequate services are being provided for the current homeless, continued employment restrictions will cause a spike in potential carriers.

### Independent Research

I added a Wendys restaurant to OpenStreetMap. In the past, I had more freedom to explore the city, meaning greater access to boroughs south of the Bronx. Due to the virus, I will have to revise my approach to documenting landmarks. I plan on checking areas of interest on Google Maps and Bing Maps. If both of them are extremely outdated, I will explore the areas for businesses that haven't been added. Otherwise, since OpenStreetMap happens to utilize Bing Maps, I may update the map with information from more current electronic maps. I also spent time reviewing documentation-related documents on Gatsby's website and searching for additional categories of Wikipedia articles in need of editing.
