---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---
## Recap
This week, the class switched from Blackboard Collaborate to Zoom and had a video conference with Kevin Fleming, a Member of the CTO Office at Bloomberg LP, regarding various open source initiatives at Bloomberg.

## Zoom
Zoom, like other video conferencing apps, has become increasingly important. The coronavirus won't be going away anytime soon, leaving people no choice but to adapt. On the upside, it is available to everyone. Of course, the benefits wouldn't be complete without drawbacks. In this case, Zoom bombings, a phenomenon where trolls access existing conferences without authorization and display graphic and highly offensive content to other users(i.e. Tubgirl, Goatse, 2 Girls 1 Cup, etc.), have become increasingly frequent. While none of my courses have been affected at the moment, it has made the news recently.

## Kevin Fleming 
The meeting with Kevin Fleming was very informative. I heard of the company in passing, often regarding finances, but the sheer amount of open source project involvement surprised me. 

## Why To Report Bugs
The main point of the article is that assumptions can greatly hinder progress on the resolution of issues in a project. The author, having neglected to account for discrepancies between operating systems, erroneously assumed that Higgs would work on MacOS as well as it did on Linux. Said belief unintentionally pressured users into not reporting possible issues with the project, reducing the efficiency and popularity of the compiler. Unless people learn to abandon negative preconceptions regarding the value of their input, project development will simply stagnate, depriving developers of a chance to hone their skills and users of a potentially beneficial product. Curbing the lack of feedback could be done by paying attention to the tone of the language used. However cumbersome it may seem, users aren't completely rational. Accounting for such eccentricies can significantly impact the functionality and popularity of a project.

## OSS Research and Contributions
I added operation information for 5 businesses throughought New York City. In addition, I selected issue [22503](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/issues/22503) from Gatsby. The issue primarily focuses on the starter site templates meant to ease new users into experimenting with Gatsby's website development features.
