---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---
## Recap
This week, the class listened to Gil Yehuda discuss the complexities and evolution of open source software along with how to obtain employment related to open source project management.
## Gil Yehuda
The components of the discussion that I found most useful were the advice on applying for jobs and imposter syndrome. Regarding employment, some employer listings and websites might be rather vague on the specific skills desired and how they go about realizing their motives and goals. Even if they aren't, job seekers may need concrete examples of how to polish up on the necessary skills in an efficient manner. Viewing the open source projects of a company specifies not only the skills required (i.e. languages, etc), but also the nature of the company. As for imposter syndrome, I feel that experts are made, not born. That's the message I got when Gil mentioned the example of a guitarist practicing for extended amounts of time in a manner which best suited them.
## Open Source Contributions
After navigating the introductory pages, I made a contribution to Wikipedia. To be specific, I added to the [Car Bomb](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Car_bomb&diff=prev&oldid=949545148) page an incident where an ambulance was converted into a vehicle-born improvised explosive device (VBIED) by terrorists and deployed in [Kabul](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kabul_ambulance_bombing). I figured that, however uncommon it might be, the public would be better off knowing about possible variations of the technique. Given the trying times, who would consider turning down an ambulance? Rather than build a really large bomb that potential targets may never encounter, just make a bomb into an irresistible trap and let fear and desperation work their magic, not that I support terrorism or anything. It's just that I refuse to let myopic morality and emotions limit my options, especially when the situation calls for effective yet potentially unpleasant solutions, a scenario that is becoming increasingly common in the wake of the pandemic.

Regarding Gatsby, I set up the development environment and got to work reviewing JavaScript and the relevant React libraries. During this time, other contributers placed links regarding issues related to the starter pages. One such issue is [#22733](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/issues/22733), which mentions additional official starters lacking example pages. The links contained in it, along with the original issue I selected, will aid me in the implementation of an optimal solution.
## Folding@Home COVID-19
The project focuses on generating theoretical arrangements of proteins in order to obtain arrangements closest to the actual virus that can be drugged. By successfully matching those arrangements to the virus, the process of developing potential vaccines and treatments could be shortened. The fact that the process is done as background activity is resourceful given that computer usage has increased, hence more computations being done in a shorter amount of time. With the exception of low-income areas and areas with little to no internet access, the project seems sound. 
